---
title: 'Bioinformatics and the Real World'
date: 2023-05-26
permalink: /posts/2023/05/blog-post-1/
tags:
  - cool posts
  - category1
  - category2
---

I added a bioinformatics credential and verified its validity through the FAES which is really cool. Now that I finalized this website and I seem to be able to add things to it on a regular basis, now I have to focus on finishing up my essays. It took me a while to get my recommendations in place and I still have not received my MCAT score yet, so I am kind of in a limbo that I think this website could be a good thing to update on my downtime. Also, two birds one stone, it also seems like I could write to cool off and still personally feel that I am doing important work. 

I'm not 100% sure what my MD/PhD and personal statements should be about. I have a few topics that I narrowed them down to and I have been focusing on that for a while, but I think that it is not ready yet. Because I am retaking the MCAT on June 29, I think that I should be able to have a complete application by the time it is submitted and eventually reviewed.

In terms of some other topics that have been on my mind, I was recently part of a discussion about the article that discussed the relation of semantic representations and uncertainty tolerance at a branch meeting this week. It was a very interesting discussion and I appreciated everything that everyone said about how this data is collected, what it means for privacy, and a few other things. Before that there was a separate talk that was held by Dr. Anna Konova, who discussed some cutting-edge techniques that incorporated economics to evaluate the effects of craving at a systematic level. I thought that this was a really interesting contrast to an article I am reading about in the biological foundations for bioinformatics course that I am taking, which discussed the difference between techne and episteme. I am still motivated to go into bioinformatics, but it is intriguing to think about how the representational world is disconnected from its biological underpinnings. I would be interested to see how the growing AI field is handling this data at an institutional level. 
